ENGLISH CONTENT
Title Page
#BeatCOVID-19
Join Us for the 15-Day Himalayan Siddha Mahayog Anushthan
Together Let’s Stand Against COVID-19
[Action Button: Join Us Live |  MAY 26 - JUNE 11 | 5 - 7 AM (NPL) ]


About Himalayan Siddha Mahayoga Anushthan 
Following the directives of the World Health Organization (WHO) and the policies of the Government of Nepal, Jagadguru Ramanandacharya Seva Peeth Chatradham, Sunsari is organizing a 15 - Day Himalayan Siddha Mahayog Anusthan as appealed by Jagadguru Mahayogi Siddhababa. 
This Austhan (Vedic ritual) is based on ample evidence across history that humankind can overcome plagues and viruses, by strengthening their immune system through Vedic knowledge, practices and rituals. This Anusthan is an urgent and heartfelt response to the sudden surge of coronavirus cases in Nepal and the world.  
The purpose of this ceremony is to:
Prevent coronavirus infection in healthy a individual;
Eliminate the illness of COVID - 19 patients; and
Help save individuals and maintain a healthy body, calm mind, and spiritual well-being through daily Vedic routine, diet,  and yogic activities.
Feedback Form
Your Feedback is important to us! 
Did you watch the Anusthan Program? 
[Action Button - Feedback Form]

[Right Diet] 		[Right Routine] 		[Self-Discipline]

15 Day Live Program
This Anusthan will be delivered live on the Himalayan Siddha Mahayog Youtube Channel. Everyday, Jagadguru Mahayogi Siddhababa will deliver specific instructions in the morning.
Anushthan Date: May 26 - June 11 | 5-7 AM (NPT)
[Youtube Live Icon @HimalayanSiddhaMahayog]
[Action Button]

Anushthan Resources
The purpose of this Anushthan
1) To prevent those who are already healthy from COVID-19
2) To help eradicate disease of those who are sick
3) To save lives during the current COVID-19 pandemic 
 
 What do you do in this Anushthan?
1) Management and intake of proper food and water for the nutrition of the body
2) Exposure to light and fresh air 
3) Timely excretion of urine, sweat, feces and other bodily waste  
4) Physical protection from cold and heat
5) Proper exercise, work and rest
6) Life protection from toxins, germs and viruses 
 
Rules to be followed by participants during Anushthan
Waking up  at ‘Brahma muhurta’ (1.5 hours before sunrise).
Drink plenty of water as soon as you wake up in the morning, even if you don't want to.
Various types of body cleansing and baths.
Regular practice of Yogasana, Pranayamas.
Intake of moderate diet.
​Observance of celibacy.
Avoid smoking, alcohol, tobacco and drugs.
Tea, coffee, meat, fish and eggs are recommended to be avoided permanently if possible, otherwise restricted at least during the Anusthan period. 
Make every effort to be alone and in silence.
Wear a mask while at home and change the mask at least twice a day.
Avoid touching, scratching or rubbing your eyes, nose, ears and mouth. If necessary, wash your hands before and after you touch them. 
Wash your hands repeatedly with soap.
Minimize the use of electronic devices.
Avoid shouting, gossiping, violence, abuse and killing other living beings.
Do not leave the house unless absolutely necessary during the Anusthan period.
Do not share the same bed or sofa with other family members (except a mother caring for her baby).
Do not eat food which others have eaten from (i.e, taking food off another’s plate) and do not feed others food you have already eaten (i.e, feeding others your leftovers). 
Have refreshments and meals according to the menu presented during the ritual period, even if you do not want to.
Sour and greasy food is prohibited during the Anusthan period.
 
Ingredients/Materials to be used during Anushthan
The contents of the list should be collected as much as possible according to the size of family members. Unless otherwise stated, the quantities listed serve 1 family unit (3-5 persons).


Foods and spices


Turmeric - 1 kg
Sutho - 250 gms
Ginger - 500 gms
Coriander - 500 gms
Cumin Seeds - 250 gms
Fenugreek - 250 gms
Jwano (Carom Seeds) - 250 gms 
Clove - 200 gms
Pepper - 200 gms
Cardamom - 200 gms
Cinnamon - 200 gms
Nutmeg - 10 gms
Javitri (Mace Spice) - 100 gms
Pippali (Piper Longum) - 200 gms
Bay Leaves - 250 gms
 
Other medicinal substances 


Harro (Terminalia Chebula) - 500 gms
Barro (Beleric) - 500 grams of triphala
Amla (Gooseberry) - 500 gms
Neem Leaves - 500 gms
Neem stalk of 5 inches long, equal to little finger, 15 pieces - per person
Asuro (Justicia Adhatoda) patra - 1 kg
Basil Leaves  - 200 gms
Gurjo (Tinospora cordifolia ) - 500 gm 
Parijat Patra (Night flowering coral jasmine)  - 1 kg
Simli Patra - 1 Kg.
Ghu Kumari (Aloe Vera) - 3 kg 
Garlic - 1 kg
Onion - 5 kg 
2 hand deep excavated soil/mud (red and white coated soil is better) - 1 bag
1 Bag Cow dung - 10 kg 
Cow Urine - 5 kg
Mah (Honey)  - 1 kg 
Sakkar (Jaggery)  - 1 kg


Other materials and home appliances
Gas pipe fitted to a gas cylinder or 2 meter long water label check pipe
Pressure cooker - 1
Blanket - 1
Yoga mat - 1


Ayurvedic medicines to be taken from the market (at least one, if not all)


Ashwagandha powder - 500 gms
Gunuchighan Vati - 1 box (per person)
Either Giloy Ghan Vati or Samsami Vati
Kutjaghan Vati - 1 box
Swasari Vati - 1 box
Vyoshadi Vati - 1 box
Chyavanprash - 1 kg (for the whole family)
Vasavaleha - 1 kg (for the whole family
Sevapaladi powder - 500 gms
Kayan powder - 1 can
Kanakasava - 1 box (per person)
Rasayan Churna - 1 box (per person)
Nagaradi decoction - 1 can (per person)
AYUSH decoction - 1 can (per person)
Holy Basil extract 51 drops - 1 piece
Amritdhara - 1 piece
Sancho - 1 piece
Hexagonal Oil - 1 piece (for the whole family)
Mustard oil - 1 litre
Cow's ghee - 1 litre
Fitkari - 500 gms


Homeopathic medicines
Arsenicum album 30 (to prevent infection) - 1 box
Aspidosperma Q 20 (for oxygen) - 1 box


Things to be cautious and careful about 
The above substances, if easily available to you, can be used. 
If you don’t have the substance/ingredient above, don’t worry. Use what you have, and as demonstrated in the live program. 
Please use the dung and urine of local cow breeds. The use of hybrids or species like Jersey is not effective.
When you do complex yogic procedures such as nasal passage cleansing and colon cleansing, do it exactly as demonstrated in the live program. If you are not sure, do not do it. 


Following these anushthan rules, using the materials mentioned above and practicing Himalayan Siddha Mahayog for 15 days with various yogasanas and pranayamas, our life will surely be protected.
