Today, human communities all over the world are departing from their true human values. As a result,our social environment is being increasingly polluted and is suffering from issues including violence, fraudulence, blasphemy and abuse. What’s more, every society in the globe is negatively influenced by spiritual afflictions such as attachment, wrath, greed, love with selfishness, anger, ego etc., and also from aadi-daivik troubles resulting from flooding, landslides, insufficient rain-fall, drought, extremely heavy rain-fall, planetary defects, and defects stemming from kulayandevata. In addition, Aadi-bhautik troubles which are caused by human beings, animals and birds and so on are also equally worrying. Without establishing mutual respect, love, non-violence, cooperation, good health and peace, we cannot fix these problems and protect living beings. One easy way to overcome from these complex troubles is to do regular chanting of shree Ram-nam and practice Mahayog Sadhana with full devotion.  It is said:

Veda purana santa mata yahu | salala sukriti phala rama sanehu ||

Chahu juga tini kaala tihu loka | Bhaye naama japi jina bisoka||

Nahi kali karama n bhagati bibeku | Ram nam abalamban eku||

It means, Sriram nam Sadhanaa path or Siddha Mahayoga (Suratshavda yog) is a complete path, and practicing ritual (Anushthan) according to this path definitely eradicates all problems and restores overall well-being in human life.

In order to materialize this, we have decided to conduct a rare anusthan (ritual): “Shree-Ram Tarak Brahma Yojna”, for which, chanting Ramsharanagati mantra and offering hawan are two important aspects. Chanting mantra has already been started from last Mahashivaratri 2018 and will be continued until Janaki Navami next year. During this period, at least 1000 men and women will first chant “Shree Ram Sharanagati Mantra” at least 4000 times (40 mala) a day. To chant 4000 mantra, it takes about an hour.  Overall, men sadhaks should complete 12 lakh japa during 300 days while women sadhaks in 330 days. After completing 12 lakh (1,200,000) mantras, Sadhaks are then required to offer Sava-lakh (1,500,000) hawan (mixture of pure ghee, herbal medicines, holy grains etc. on the divine fire). As it is immensely important for our personal as well as global wellbeing and peace, we welcome you all interested individuals to participate in this rare auspicious anusthan.
