It is with my sincere gratitude that I extend my greetings and warm invitation for your gracious presence for the auspicious ‘Abhishekatmakatirudra Mahayagya’ in the  premises of Pashupatinath Temple in Kathmandu, Nepal. This historic event will be held from July 18 to July 26, 2022 from 8:00am - 4:00pm. The event will include special prayers, homage, and worship offerings to Lord  Shiva for our collective soul welfare, to bring an end to crises around the world and to build brother and sisterhood within and across borders. Your holiness’s prayers and participation would augment the glory  of this rare Mahayagya and help us make this event a grand success. 

Our world is suffering from devastating wars, the corona pandemic and unexpected calamities (e.g., earthquakes, landslides, floods etc.), including innumerable natural and man-made catastrophes. In such a context, the rites and culture of Sanatan Dharma is extremely powerful to help us overcome these grave difficulties. The Himalayas are a sacred region on earth where Vedic Sanatan religion originated and developed for  humanity, global peace, and harmony. It is also from Vedic Sanatan Dharma that world culture (bishwabara sanskriti) also originates. However, this same Sanatan religion and culture, a  source of global peace, is being confronted with hostility and intolerance. This Mahayagya aims to maintain peace and harmony in the world and demonstrate the powerful positive impact Sanatan Dharma continues to have for citizens of the globe.

We are humbled to share that this event is being conducted under the leadership of enlightened yogi, Ananta Shree Vivushit Jagadguru Ramanandacharya Swami Ramakrishnacharya Maharaji, popularly known as Jagadguru Mahayogi Siddhababa. His Holiness is a beacon of Dharma, who has dedicated his life to the protection and promotion of Sanatan values, rites, culture and religion (bishwabara sanskriti) in order to maintain global peace and prosperity. Swami Ji has been working day and night tirelessly for the last 15  years, going to hilly and mountainous regions, aiming to fly the flag of Sanatan Dharma across the country of Mount Everest and beyond. Although Swami Ji has faced much hardship, including unfounded conspiracies against him, he is working  continuously without fear and with unyielding willpower earned from tapa, yoga, and divine knowledge. His only aim is to impart treasured and extremely rare Vedic knowledge for the benefit of all humanity.

Due to this rare knowledge and willpower of Swami Ji  and with the divine  grace and blessings of Lord Shiva, we have decided to organize this extremely rare nine-day spiritual event. Ati, meaning ultimate, and rudra, meaning destroyer of sorrow,  Abhishekatmakatirudra Mahayagyam (where 14641 cycles of Rudri hymn recitation is performed) is the ultimate destroyer of sorrow and highest form of worship to Lord Shiva. We are very happy to share that this event will be conducted in collaboration with Jagadguru Shree Ramanandacharya Seva Peeth and Mahayogi Siddhababa Spiritual Academy